Update the Administration Console description in the Administration Guide (#24917)
eclipse-ee4j/glassfish: docs/administration-guide/src/main/asciidoc/overview.adoc

====

You can change the Administration Console startup behavior using the
startup options.

Available startup options are:

`default`::

> The Administration Console loads on demand the first access it. This is a default option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Administration Console loads on demand when its first accessed. This is the default option.
```

`always`::
The Administration Console loads during Eclipse Glassfish server startup.
`never`::
Prevents the Administration Console from loading thereby prohibiting it.

[[to-enable-the-adminstration-console-on-demand-loading]]

===== To Enable the Administration Console On Demand Loading

This is a default option.

Enabling on demand loading of the Administration Console involves changing the value of the
property `server.admin-service.property.adminConsoleStartup`. This property controls the
Administration Console loading.

1. Ensure that the DAS is running.
+
2. Change the value of the `server.admin-service.property.adminConsoleStartup` property to `default`.
You can change this value either by setting a configuration property or by editing a file.
* To change this value by setting a configuration property, set the configuration property

> `server.admin-service.property.adminConsoleStartup` to a value `default`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`server.admin-service.property.adminConsoleStartup` to the value `default`.
```

`server.admin-service.property.adminConsoleStartup` to a value `always`.
+
[source]
----
asadmin> set server.admin-service.property.adminConsoleStartup=always
----

3. Restart the DAS.
For instructions, see xref:domains.adoc#to-restart-a-domain[To Restart a Domain].

[[to-disable-the-administration-console-loading]]

===== To Disable the Administration Console Loading

Disabling the Administration Console loading involves changing the value of the property
`server.admin-service.property.adminConsoleStartup`. This property controls the Administration
Console loading.

1. Ensure that the DAS is running.
+
2. Change the value of the `server.admin-service.property.adminConsoleStartup` property to `never`.
You can change this value either by setting a configuration property or by editing the file.
* To change this value by setting a configuration property, set the configuration property
`server.admin-service.property.adminConsoleStartup` to a value `never`.
+
[source]
----
asadmin> set server.admin-service.property.adminConsoleStartup=never
----

3. Restart the DAS.
For instructions, see xref:domains.adoc#to-restart-a-domain[To Restart a Domain].

> You can display the help material for a page in the Administration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Help pages in the Administration Console

You can display the help material for a page in the Administration
```
